atlas shrugged by ayn rand
the fountainhead by ayn rand
battlefield earth by l. ron hubbard
the lord of the rings by j.r.r. tolkien
to kill a mockingbird by harper lee
1984 by george orwell
anthem by ayn rand
we the living by ayn rand
mission earth by l. ron hubbard
fear by l. ron hubbard
ulysses by james joyce
catch-22 by joseph heller
the great gatsby by f. scott fitzgerald
dune by frank herbert
the moon is a harsh mistress by robert heinlein
stranger in a strange land by robert heinlein
a town like alice by nevil shute
brave new world by aldous huxley
the catcher in the rye by j.d. salinger
animal farm by george orwell
gravity’s rainbow by thomas pynchon
the grapes of wrath by john steinbeck
slaughterhouse five by kurt vonnegut
gone with the wind by margaret mitchell
lord of the flies by william golding
shane by jack schaefer
trustee from the toolroom by nevil shute
a prayer for owen meany by john irving
the stand by stephen king
the french lieutenant’s woman by john fowles
beloved by toni morrison
the worm ouroboros by e.r. eddison
the sound and the fury by william faulkner
lolita by vladimir nabokov
moonheart by charles de lint
absalom, absalom! by william faulkner
of human bondage by w. somerset maugham
wise blood by flannery o’connor
under the volcano by malcolm lowry
fifth business by robertson davies
someplace to be flying by charles de lint
on the road by jack kerouac
heart of darkness by joseph conrad
yarrow by charles de lint
at the mountains of madness by h.p. lovecraft
one lonely night by mickey spillane
memory and dream by charles de lint
to the lighthouse by virginia woolf
the moviegoer by walker percy
trader by charles de lint
the hitchhiker’s guide to the galaxy by douglas adams
the heart is a lonely hunter by carson mccullers
the handmaid’s tale by margaret atwood
blood meridian by cormac mccarthy
a clockwork orange by anthony burgess
on the beach by nevil shute
a portrait of the artist as a young man by james joyce
greenmantle by charles de lint
ender’s game by orson scott card
the little country by charles de lint
the recognitions by william gaddis
starship troopers by robert heinlein
the sun also rises by ernest hemingway
the world according to garp by john irving
something wicked this way comes by ray bradbury
the haunting of hill house by shirley jackson
as i lay dying by william faulkner
tropic of cancer by henry miller
invisible man by ralph ellison
the wood wife by terri windling
the magus by john fowles
the door into summer by robert heinlein
zen and the art of motorcycle maintenance by robert pirsig
i, claudius by robert graves
the call of the wild by jack london
at swim-two-birds by flann o’brien
farenheit 451 by ray bradbury
arrowsmith by sinclair lewis
watership down by richard adams
naked lunch by william s. burroughs
the hunt for red october by tom clancy
guilty pleasures by laurell k. hamilton
the puppet masters by robert heinlein
it by stephen king
v. by thomas pynchon
double star by robert heinlein
citizen of the galaxy by robert heinlein
brideshead revisited by evelyn waugh
light in august by william faulkner
one flew over the cuckoo’s nest by ken kesey
a farewell to arms by ernest hemingway
the sheltering sky by paul bowles
sometimes a great notion by ken kesey
my antonia by willa cather
mulengro by charles de lint
suttree by cormac mccarthy
mythago wood by robert holdstock
illusions by richard bach
the cunning man by robertson davies
the satanic verses by salman rushdie
